# Eirini and Evelina 1-to-1 meetings

* [TEMPLATE](#TEMPLATE)
* [17 June 2022](#date-17-June-2022)
* [29 June 2022](#date-29-June-2022)
* [8 July 2022](#date-8-July-2022)
* [15 July 2022](#date-15-July-2022)

## Date: 15 July 2022

### Check-in ritual

### Project specific Reflection

This week's been pretty good, I'm very glad I finished the GitHub slides. I'm also making some headway with arranging meetings with the project managers.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- Any feedback on the GitHub slides? 

#### Who did you help this week?

#### Who helped you this week?

#### What did you achieve?

- Finished the GitHub slides
- Reached out to all project managers and have scheduled meetings with five out of seven
- Started advertising the GitHub workshop

#### What did you struggle with?

- I've been meaning to work on collating resources but I seem to keep running out of time!

#### What would you like to work on next week?
- Deliver the GitHub session
- Meet up with ECRs about a useR group
- Actually work on collating resources

#### Where do you need help?

- Mostly feedback on the GitHub slides
- Advice on R translation

#### Any other topics


## Date: 8 July 2022

### Check-in ritual
I'm still very happy we got more people to show up for the ECR session on Wednesday and I'm hoping we can make a useR group happen üè¥‚Äç‚ò†Ô∏è‚ú®

### Project specific Reflection
- Things have been going pretty well this week, though I didn't manage to find time to work on the GitHub workshop as much as I would have liked.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- Is REG training available only in Python? Would it be possible to have training in R?

#### Who did you help this week?

- I think SB is quite happy she doesn't have to do the GitHub training :)

#### Who helped you this week?

- EK decided to take writing up reflections on the RSF for the Q2 report of mine and SB's plate which was **amazing** üíó
- SB has written a really useful guide to installing `homebrew` on Macs with Apple chips
- DC has been great with sending out emails to ECRs for the talks

#### What did you achieve?

- Arranged a couple of meetings with consortia PIs/ECRs :tada:
- Submitted the OLS application
- Got started with the GitHub workshop
- Started compiling resources from the Community Managers on training they have provided in the past
- Chaired the ECR lunchtime session

#### What did you struggle with?

- I've not been hearing back from most of the people I've emailed
- I think I could have done a better job with chairing the ECR session üòÖ

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finish the GitHub workshop materials
- Follow up with people that haven't responded
- Have meetings with people that have responded :)
- Continue finishing off tasks from last week I didn't get to

#### Where do you need help?

- I think I'm okay?

#### Any other topics

- I'd like to go on holiday from 26 November to 10 December - is that okay?

## Date: 29 June 2022

### Project specific Reflection

- I've been working on brainstorming workshops we can offer for ECRs easily.
- I've been thinking how to frame the GitHub workshop.
- We need to advertise the next ECR talk.
- Signed up to help out with the Connections workshop.
- I've been working on drafting the OLS-6 application.
- I started going to more AIM talks.
- I still had to submit documents for background checks etc.
- I'm continuing to meet up with people.
- I finished the Bob's business courses
- I worked on my probation document.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- The ECR events (Cautionary tales talk and GitHub workshop).
  - We need to start advertising both events
  - We need to edit the calendar invites (to add the HackMD doc and maybe change the time/duration for the workshop?)
- Any feedback on the probation document

#### Who did you help this week?

- I helped MM and SB with notes at the drug coding talk last week.

#### Who helped you this week?

- SB continues to be amazing; she's helped me out with GitHub and other questions.
- MM and SB helped me with the notes at the drug coding talk.
- DC helped me out with questions about the ECR events and GDPR questions.
- MS and EK have been great at getting me in touch with people I should meet/talk to.
- I got some excellent tips from the Community Managers about mapping training neeeds.

#### What did you achieve?

- I've been ticking off things on the new starter list (training, admin, probation doc).
- I've been making some progress with thinking about ECR events in the summer and beyond.

#### What did you struggle with?

- I'm still not always sure where to find information and feel a bit out of the loop/stuck sometimes.
- Managing my time/concentration/to-do list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- Finish OLS application
- Finish the first draft of the GitHub workshop
- Talk to MS about how to collate training topics and resources from TTW that are easily available
- Review data storage within RSF locations
- Find out more about GDPR processes at the Turing
- I need to devote some time to Carpentries things
- Meet more people!

#### Where do you need help?

- I need some help from SB with finishing the OLS application and with advertising the ECR event
- Our session for Coding Confessions was accepted at the RSECon :tada: Do you think you could help me get someone from REG to present?

#### Any other topics

- I joined a group working on a guide for code checks!

## Date: 17 June 2022

### Check-in ritual
- Sophia has been incredible with the initial onboarding and general support throughout my first days.
- Evelina and Dave have been great for giving more context and information about the RSF.
- Malvika and Emma have been super helpful for getting me to understand the role and ways of working of community managers at the Turing.
- Everyone has just been super welcoming and helpful ‚ú®ü•∞

### Project specific Reflection

- I'm starting to understand my role and main tasks a little better.
- There is still a lot I need to learn though!
- There are issues to be solved with advertising and planning (at least) the ECR sessions.
- There are legal considerations blocking/slowing down some work.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

- I've been spending a lot of time trying to get up to speed with the project and meeting people - is that okay?
- I'm struggling a bit with balancing my urge to meet with the AIM researchers soon and wanting to know more about what they're doing to be able to have more fruitful conversations with them.

#### Who did you help this week?

- Uhm. Attempted to help Evelina with the ECR talk but it was cancelled üòÖ

#### Who helped you this week?

- Literally everyone üíõ
  - Sophia especially with onboarding and all the amazingly detailed documentation
  - Also of course Evelina, Malvika, Dave, and Emma
  - Everyone at TPS and at the office made me feel super welcome (special shout-out to Mahwish and Vicky)

#### What did you achieve?

- Finished HR induction tasks
- Finished IT induction and got set up with various accounts, configurations etc
- Read RSF documentation on GitHub (most of it - haven't gotten to the grant applications etc.)
- Had meetings with many RSF/TPS/Whitaker lab people (Anne, Dave, Hari, Malvika, Emma, Vicky, Zeynep).
- Was able to synthesise some of the knowledge people have been sharing with me.
- Arranged meetings with the remaining Community Managers.

#### What did you struggle with?

- The amount of information/meetings/trying to remember where everything lives.
- A smidge of impostor syndrome?

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- [ ] Work on a plan for next steps for the RSF with Evelina and Sophia.
- [x] Work on a project proposal for Open Life Science with Sophia.
- [x] Continue meeting up with relevant people (incl. being introduced to some progamme managers (?) of the consortia)
- [x] Continue reading RSF documentation (haven't looked at Sharepoint files yet)
- [x] I haven't received a link to the traning videos from HR - need to follow up with them and watch them.

#### Where do you need help?

- My understanding is that one of my main tasks will be understanding where the consortia are skill-wise and what their training needs are. I will definitely need some help developing a strategy to do that.
- Though I will need help with what I just mentioned and it *is* one of my main responsibilities, I still feel like it'll take a couple of weeks before I'm at a place to actually start doing that. Some help getting a feel of my priorities would be great!

#### Any other topics

- Not really :)


## TEMPLATE

## Date: YYYY-MM-DD

### Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

### Project specific Reflection

*Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.*
(Since last week, review the progress you‚Äôve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention? Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

*You can move points from your reflections to the following sections as needed.*

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

- This space is yours to add to as needed.
- Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?

*CC BY 4.0 License, reused from the [Whitaker Lab Project Management Repository](https://github.com/WhitakerLab/Onboarding/blob/lab-meetings/Setting-up-your-weekly-meetings.md)*
